Let's jump into how to do some influencer marketing.
Before we start, let's go through some case studies.
So this is my app along with Blake's app, Cal AI.
Let's look at some of our videos.
- 700 calories, it's that,
fried eggs and bacon, 50 grams of protein, 55 fat.
One of the cool things about the Cal AI with traveling,
again, I know a lot of people kind of knock it
'cause I don't like the whole,
take a picture of your food, track your calories,
but if you wanna track it exactly by weight,
it has the same database as my fitness pal.
But you can put in a description of what you're eating.
So a lot of times when I've been going out,
I'll put fruit bowl with Greek yogurt,
and then it'll give me a rough estimate,
but at least I still have someone up an idea
of what I'm eating while I'm traveling
since I can't weigh anything
because I'm eating out every single meal.
There's multiple things you can do in the app.
It's not just a calorie picture app.
You can use actual databases.
This is one of our influencers, Alex Ubank,
who's pretty famous, very well known in the fitness community.
There's another video that got 1 million views
of what I eat daily than you are.
So a pretty popular girl in
the same, and Kelly, I, or anything in the video.
How do you feel about this country?
I noticed people are commenting what app we're using.
Cool.
Let's go to another one.
Andrew Maxer, 13 million views.
Cool.
Let me go through and show the crawler shows that Kelly is
a solution to the crawler.
OK, 13 million views right there.
Another one, 10 million.
Oh, this is it.
That was a quitter.
We'll get to that one.
Well, last Kelly I video.
I'm trying to show you guys different varieties of how we
influence our more pain at Kelly I.
We have some critters that talk to the camera about Kelly I.
Some critters that show a day in their life of what they're
doing and then just casually throw on Kelly I.
Some people are chefs.
They make their food, and then they scan to see how many
calories their food is with Kelly I.
Yeah, it shows the whole recipe.
And yeah, other people are asking like, OK, what app do you use?
So the big thing is this whole strategy, but we'll get
into all of the nuances.
So that's like a few different types of videos from Kelly I,
an hour strategy.
Quitter is very similar.
Let's see some of their viral videos, 17 million views.
By the way, I just want to say I didn't pull our most viral
videos.
I think our most viral video today probably was like 20, 30
million views.
I'm not sure.
But just wanted to show what you can--
what the average or typical videos we have usually are.
But OK, let's go to quitter.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
That's like kind of a cinematic video, kind of like sad,
sad melon music, beautifully shot.
Really tells the story well about how this person was going
to watch porn, but then now they used Twitter.
Notice how this isn't like.
This video, by the way, is sponsored by Quitter Guys.
Already interrupt.
But if you're trying to quit porn, download our app.
I actually really recommend it, guys.
Thank you.
Back to the video.
No.
It's not like that.
That's what you might find on YouTube.
For short form influencer marketing,
you do not want to do that.
That is not good.
Let's see.
This count, pretty famous, 1.4 million followers.
Let's go through another Jeremiah Jones, also
an influencer for Cal AI on this guy.
Excuse me.
I think it was so hot.
I think you have an amazing body.
She just shows it.
It gets ridiculous.
What are you doing?
Shoot in my shot.
How about that in the movie?
I don't mean.
We can do that.
30 minutes.
Be outside.
We're going to go, all right?
[MUSIC PLAYING]
I don't know if that's time to go.
I just can't believe it.
It does show.
It does show quick.
And that caused them a lot of conversions.
OK.
Let's go through another.
This is actually-- this video specifically
was massively viral for them.
It got 10 million views.
But it was, I believe, their highest converting
video out of all videos.
This video got and brought them over $100,000 in just two days.
This video will loan $100,000 from this video.
It's $100.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
Notice it's like always the same screen
that these apps are showing for Kali I's taking picture
of your food, seeing the colors.
For Twitter, it's the panic button.
These are the features where someone is very visual.
For those of you who see it, you'll
know, wow, I understand what this app does.
I'm panicking right now.
Let's look at it.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
It's like, what app is that?
People are telling him.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
OK, so we just went through two apps of ours.
And I'm going to show that other apps are doing this too.
It actually-- this used to be something
that really only, indeed, I guess developers were doing
is influencer marketing.
So it's a very untapped space.
The fact that you're learning about this,
you have a massive advantage.
No one knows how to do this.
No one does.
Except a few people, like us.
But some big companies are now starting
to dip their toes in the water, like Block Blast.
For example, it is not a utility app, like Kali I or Twitter.
It's a game.
And I think they're one of the only games that
are doing influencer marketing.
And it's working amazing for them.
So one million views.
Let's see.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
[INAUDIBLE]
[LAUGHING]
Now Block Blast, who we can party?
[INAUDIBLE]
Oh, party.
Yo, birthday party.
Who's birthday is it?
Oh, it's my best friend's birthday.
You haven't had a best friend.
Your last best friend you had was Gab.
[INAUDIBLE]
Stop it.
Block Blast.
You know, I'm always getting the high scores with her.
She's just amazing.
She's beautiful.
And she always keeps me entertained.
I've been through a lot these past few years.
And Block Blast has always been there with me.
Look at my high score.
If that's not true friendship, I don't know what is.
I can play Block Blast anywhere, anytime.
It's amazing.
It's always there for me.
So you're having a birthday party for an app?
Yeah, don't say app like that.
It's a long video.
But essentially, it's clearly an influencer marketing
video for Block Blast.
Got over a million views.
A lot of people about to start playing this now,
169 likes.
A lot of people downloaded the app because of this video.
And by the way, referencing one of the last units,
let's just go through it quickly.
I want to say the hook.
What's this hook here?
It's the really urgency as a hook.
She's setting something up.
You don't know what she's setting up.
You're curious.
And something urgent is happening.
Well, cool.
Then she shows Block Blast.
And there's one more video that will go through another Block
Blast video.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
So these are all kinds of different videos
that display how influencer marketing can be done.
It all shows the scale.
It could lead to $100,000 and 48 hours just
from one single video being done right.
And you can really scale this.
At Cal AI, we have 30 videos going out every single day.
And so we're sustainably getting a few million views a day,
which lead to a bunch of downloads every single day
and a bunch of revenue.
I think yesterday we did around $100,000 in sales.
And this is primarily from influencer marketing.
So let's move on to the next section
now that you can see the possibilities of what influencer
marketing can do.
[ Background noise ]